Update "Configure your network for Arduino Cloud" [HC-1641] (#473)
arduino/help-center-content: content/Arduino Cloud/Arduino IoT Cloud/Configure-your-network-for-Arduino-Cloud.md

| Domain                    | Port |
| ------------------------- | ---- |
| `mqtts-up.iot.arduino.cc` | 8884 |
| `mqtts-sa.iot.arduino.cc` | 8885 |
| `wss.iot.arduino.cc`      | 8443 |

You will also need to allow NTP access on port 123 UDP for `time.arduino.cc`.

> ## Over-the-Air updates
> 
> Some networks may require additional configuration to enable Over-the-Air (OTA) updates. In these cases, these endpoints should be used by boards to download new firmware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Over-the-Air updates

Some networks may require additional configuration to enable Over-the-Air (OTA) updates. In these cases, these endpoints should be whitelisted:
```

Good approach.

* Changed the heading level to 3, to include it under the main "ports used by Arduino Cloud" heading.
* Slight rephrasing to avoid "these endpoints should be used" (the user cannot control which endpoints are used, but they can configure their network to allow them).
